RHDEVDOCS-3824 - Added setting up argo cd instance (#46559)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-deploy-resources-different-namespaces.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo-cd-custom-resource-properties.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="deploy-resources-different-namespaces_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="gitops-deploy-resources-different-namespaces_{context}"]
```
The ID must match the filename.

> = Deploy resources to a different namespace

Reviewer: Please review the rules for writing procedure titles.

[role="_abstract"]

> To allow the Argo CD to manage resources in other namespaces apart from where it is installed, configure the target namespace with a label "argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by".

Reviewer: Very good and clear.

.Procedure

> . Run the following command to configure the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the namespace by running the following command:
```
OR
```suggestion
. Configure the namespace:
```
- For required steps, use the imperative verb. 
- In situations like this, you don't need to mention the command.

> . Run the following command to create/configure the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to configure the namespace.
```

Reviewer 2: If the namespace should also be created, customer needs to run `oc create namespace <namespace name>` beforehand.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc label namespace <name_of_namespace> argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by=<instance_name> \\ the instance name is the name of the namespace where the instance is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc label namespace <name_of_namespace> && \
argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by=<instance_name>
```
- Avoid comments in command line examples. You can put this information in the sentence that precedes the command or in a callout after it.
- Optionally, you can wrap long commands by using `&& \`

Reviewer: If needed, you can use callouts to give more information about  user-replaceable values like these. For example:
```
----
$ oc label namespace <name_of_namespace> && \
argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by=<instance_name> <1>
----
<1>  The `instance_name` is the name of the namespace where the instance is installed.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo-cd-custom-resource-properties.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-deploy-resources-different-namespaces_{context}"]
= Deploying resources to a different namespace

To allow the Argo CD to manage resources in other namespaces apart from where it is installed, configure the target namespace with a `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label.

> .Procedure
> * Configure the namespace:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Procedure

* Configure the namespace:
```

Hard to tell if this will cause any rendering issues without a preview, but I'd add a line space between headings and steps. Just a minor nit though and not a blocker if it doesn't cause rendering issues.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * gitops-argo-cd-installation.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-deploy-resources-different-namespaces_{context}"]
= Deploying resources to a different namespace

> To allow the Argo CD to manage resources in other namespaces apart from where it is installed, configure the target namespace with a `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label.

Reviewer 4: s/ allow the Argo CD to/allow the Argo CD instance to/allow Argo CD to

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo-cd-custom-resource-properties.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="deploy-resources-different-namespaces_{context}"]
= Deploy resources to a different namespace

[role="_abstract"]

> To grant Argo CD the permissions to manage resources in multiple namespaces, configure the namespace with a label "Argo CD.argoproj.io/managed-by".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To grant Argo CD the permissions to manage resources in other namespaces than it is installed to, configure the target namespace with a label "argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by".
```

.Procedure
. Create the following yaml.
+
[source,yaml]
----
  apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: namespace_name // new namespace to be managed by an existing Argo CD instance
  labels:
    argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by: instance_name // namespace of the Argo CD instance
----
. Run the following command to create/configure the namespace.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f namespace.yaml

> ----

Reviewer 2: IMHO, this could be a single `oc` command, e.g.

```shell
oc label namespace <name of namespace> argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by=<instance name>
```

Reviewer 2: Also, we should point out that `<instance name>` is actually the name of the namespace where the instance is installed to, and not the name of the `ArgoCD` resource in that namespace.

For example, if you have an `ArgoCD` instance named `argocd` in the namespace `gitops-manager`, the `<instance_name>` would be `gitops-manager` and not `argocd`.
